hi guys it's starting again um I was
just gonna show you today some kind of
stretches you can do to make your splits
go lower or just any kind of stretches
to be more flexible or anything more
than likely these structures I do for
cheerleading so they'll help you to tune
if you want to do cheerleading or
gymnastics or ballet or any type of
stuff so here we go okay oh yeah um I
just did another video it's called
cheerleading by me so look at my other
videos it's like me doing chilling stuff
so go look at that if you want to okay
okay the first stretch I have is the
butterfly stretch you put your leg
through the butterfly or some people
come out and pretzel and you take your
elbows and push down so it kind of burns
a little bit or just so you get more
flexible so I count at least 15 or
whatever you went to but I'm just gonna
show you surgeons not actually going to
count and then another stretch you can
do is take one leg out point your toe
and up and then all the way down
and try to put your head down till it
touches anyway you know what that one
you go forward and stretch and then do
the same thing to the other leg and
stretch again forward and then put your
legs all the way out as wide as you can
go
point your toes facing outwards not in
words because I will pull a muscle like
you're great and sticks to one leg cut
to 15 or whatever you want to and then
reach forward and then reach to the
other side
after you do that here's a good one to
do first books you take one leg forward
and kind of put it like this and then
the other ones back straight with your
poor lip here show the laces facing the
ground even though they're not really
shoe laces just pretend and then you
pull forward or you put your hands right
here and pull so it's kind of stretches
right in your calf muscle right here
then do that and then switch
and then another one I do for
cheerleading it's put one leg back and
then reach forward so it kind of
stretches this area again the cap the
one that's on the ground and pull but
make sure your knee is not further than
your toes and then the next
and then eventually
you can do this
split all the way down
so then you can like stretch out to here
and then if you want to do some standing
up you
you can do them stand up like arm
circles or arm backwards or always do it
best to your arm stretch out because you
don't want to pull your arms
they're always fearless and then for
this you put your legs apart and then
just reach down
but always put your head to the knee try
to get as far as you can go because then
you'll eventually be all stretched out
and then you'll eventually be in all
flexible and then straight down so then
eventually you can try to do your male
splits right now
I can't do them but I'm getting them um
that's pretty much all the churches I
have that's my normal searches for
cheerleading like my routine so just
comment and ask if you let me do any
other videos for cheerleading or pretty
much anything like hair how-to or
anything pretty much just hope you guys
enjoyed the cheerleading stuff make sure
you look at my other Chilean video
undermine videos hope you guys had a
good time
Thanks